# Tesco
UNDERSTANDING THE ROLE OF GROCERY PURCHASE AND SOCIO-ECONOMIC FACTORS ON CHILDHOOD OBESITY AND DEPRIVATION
In our fast-paced era of technology, consumer behavioural data and their purchasing patterns offer a wealth of information which can be used to improve the quality of life of people and make better policy decisions. By capitalizing on the data of Tesco, English Indices of Deprivation, and government websites we gained access to multiple features for our analysis. The main objective is to reduce or select the best set of features and develop a predictive model which will enable the policy makers in making rapid and resource – efficient predictions. This study employs a combination of regression models to get the best possible accuracy. The findings indicate that our models accurately predict deprivation of an area and childhood obesity, providing important tools for policymakers towards addressing public health concerns. The Random Forest model emerged to be the most powerful, capturing complex relationships between features and returning highly accurate predictions. The rapid and accurate predictions delivered by our models enable timely interventions to predict and tackle childhood obesity and improve general health of people in deprived areas. This study’s significance lies in its ability to use the data for social welfare by displaying the involvement of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning in redefining policymaking and healthcare practices. It also shows that we can strive to lower the obesity rates observed in children by making better lifestyle choices and enhance the overall well-being of people and communities, even for those with modest means.
